Add a troubleshooting guide for Serverless (#9691)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/serverless/10-01-failure-to-build-functions.md

---
title: Failure to build Functions
type: Troubleshooting
---

In its default configuration, Serverless uses persistent volumes as the internal registry to store Docker images for Functions. The default storage size of such a volume is 20 GB. When this storage becomes full, you will have issues with building your Functions. As a workaround, increase the default capacity up to a maximum of 100 GB by editing the `serverless-docker-registry` PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC) object on your cluster.

Follow these steps:

> 1. Edit the `serverless-docker-registry` pvc:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `serverless-docker-registry` PVC:
```

  ```bash
  kubectl edit pvc -n kyma-system serverless-docker-registry
  ```

> 2.  Change the value of **spec.resources.requests.storage** to higher, such as 30 GB, to increase the pvc capacity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Change the value of **spec.resources.requests.storage** to higher, such as 30 GB, to increase the PVC capacity:
```

  ```yaml
  ...
  spec:
    resources:
      requests:
        storage: 30Gi
  ```

> 3. Save the changes and wait for a few minutes. List all `serverless-docker-registry` to check that its **CAPACITY** has changed as expected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Save the changes and wait for a few minutes. Use this command to check if the **CAPACITY** of the `serverless-docker-registry` PVC has changed as expected:
```

  ```bash
  kubectl get pvc serverless-docker-registry -n kyma-system
  ```

  You will get this result:

  ```bash
  NAME                        STATUS   VOLUME                                    CAPACITY   ACCESS MODES   STORAGECLASS   AGE
  serverless-docker-registry  Bound    pvc-a69b96hc-ahbc-k85d-0gh6-19gkcr4yns4k  30Gi       RWO            standard       23d
  ```

> If the value of the storage does not change, restart a Pod to which this pvc is bound to finish the volume resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the value of the storage does not change, restart the Pod to which this PVC is bound to finish the volume resize.
```

To do this, follow these steps:

> 1. List all available pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. List all available Pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace:
```
